check outside
I gotta tell you something pal you still
got it you got every move though you
were dense I'm sore tonight Frenchie
believe me a story for another time
dude these three pigs were in were out
where you say you serious really yeah
who's this it's called a car main no
it's a wheelchair with a roof Frenchy
it's please it's quiet
they smell like your ass on the inside
alright we have to first then Las Vegas
[Music]
does the end of the shoe salesman
nobody's talking to of noise possible
around so you already prepared the
remedies let's have it if the bad to mr.
French dump employments brothers I'm
done I'm with varnas what's that
supposed to make it beans no more her
than my fellow man
bang-bang
[Music]
good job with the non-violence thing by
the way at dinner oh good job that might
impressive your miss right was miss
Marilyn you gotta bring her why can't
bring on a corporate retreat
there's no brainer texture now I've got
this girl meeting me here and she's
amazing Missy what are you doing here
that text from Mia was wonderful I
screwed up so huge remember that crazy
blind date I have nothing you could ever
do would disappoint me I love this one
firm I thought I was texting my dream
girl texting that crazy girl the best
weekend for this company retreat and I
look forward to getting to know your
better half
I may have gone a little overboard and
bragging about you you're obsessed with
me we're gonna end up married or I'm
gonna end up dead in a ravine somewhere
what I'm down for either please keep
these calm very collected you should go
canoe out to an island and just chill
like if there's one nearby or far this
is the real shark test you and me let's
go with that my mouth oh yeah
goes right your mouth
this is not who I thought she was she's
free
she's fun a little crazy too really
I'm not letting you jump she's alive
damn it device here - and I'm ready to
enter I take my last breaths of this
atmosphere for two years we were
pioneers we were the first biosphere
Ian's how can you prepare yourself for
journey into the unknown a biosphere is
a closed system with plants and animals
and in atmospheres all inside
we called it - for - because spicer one
is the earth
if we're going to go to Mars of the moon
we'd better make my sphere climate
change is a threat we were going to
counteract that threat we put in
rainforests a desert and in an ocean
with a living coral reef it was a global
curiosity bait human beings separated
love life I don't know any innovative
human organization that doesn't have
cult-like aspects we called ourself
synergists John Allen was a very good
leader he was my mind musician here is
your brainwashing cult leader the eighth
biosphere Ian's are now quarantined
together the negativity started fighting
is taking away from us accomplishing her
objectives that set off alarms to me
I I don't want to talk about it
members took part in strange costume
rituals Dunnellon was having paranoid
delusions
things were falling apart there was
something time and it was really
shocking thing happening there's a
sudden spike in co2
we were suffocating and starving he was
not legal everything that could go wrong
went wrong here is this capsule of life
from Earth there was science fiction
without the fiction this is an
incredible moment the future is here
[Music]
your mother requested the family take my
ashes and enter them in the body of a
whale road trip to bear your mother's
ashes in the body of the whale with your
brother who hates you you know that is
funny come and love on your aunt Jackie
- that would you please refrain for
using the Lord's name in vain oh I'm not
gonna say it again
I'm not gay I'm not gay I'm not gay
you're not exactly screaming mother of
the Year award
you think I hated didn't love like Kate
throw versions of the same thing
[Music]
I'm gonna fight for her Mitch I'm not
going anywhere not this time
[Music]
this world
British intelligence asbestos
information to US scientists America and
I command this variation for rocket
scientists
Leia was working on in Ukraine for new
constitution abolition I command the
requisition your team for this mission
the Nazi Savin these men need you to run
a little errand for each table Poland
tonight
I'm offering you a way out the chance of
freedom a chance at a real life I mean
your country needs me research
20 miles across enemy territory to pick
cities back there
is the king end this war sorry
jealous we've not made our midi you are
a substantial amount on your bar bill
come over to the bar with me it was set
up and used to and carry on with Olivier
module II now I'll come over after if I
feel like what are you waiting for
I started before or what
they're a a so c'mon bruh hey we should
be celebrating shortly come on don't you
come and see what is a living man oh
cool is that you Ray any boy we heard
you was on your brothers in the serious
bit of trouble
or was it gone what's happened are you
in trouble
[Music]
where's little money boy
you bowl a pea boulders bras and sell us
tests there things are gonna go who do
you think you are some kind of Illinois
Sally I mean you like real men we've
ever Danny's suck and fade
[Music]
I'll tell you what isolated to God
the whole thing so sad
Vera was the best I'm gonna make film
tell the story of Farah I think it's
better just to let things lie you knew
there as well as anyone didn't to me she
was a mystery
we questioned close to 150 people and
there was proof she had been maltreated
at home father is a bastard let him move
rocks even though you never made a
confession and her body was never found
you were found guilty do you maintain
your innocence it's the human weakness
to be obsessed what the truth weird
sentence a moral murder without a corpse
what is isms are you serious there is
some strange stuff in this story why
don't you explain it where did you get
this
[Music]
can I come in I'd seen the marks on my
body she never talked about it no this
feels wrong do you think it's a bad idea
you and I have a very different view of
morality I don't know what to think
Henry because I know that you've lied
we've got the wrong bloke blocked up I
did not kill there we can't continue
like this
I've never played for us boy oh you
little people I need to know everything
[Music]
ciao mama colony nocte series Danny Papa
mo remaining up top I mentioned I stayed
alone ISA wanted to go no you got over
Bakura has a manic cora gallaccio male
Hamato Papa democracy ningn dr.
Farragut College is an acronym so much
doctor
boy you got a deal
[Music]
mr. Bowker Alabama
here we're on this right most remote
place of this planet will globalization
he does there's no doubt that will
[Music]
in my poker game
Dennis a grumble and even evasive at
Rolando
the island has to devote like any
culturally strange
[Music]
this is our only command
Jacuzzi in Barcelona Garuda Cork
Jack was offered the moon
[Music]
some Campbell de conciencia mandola
latinum passage enters in Sevilla sir
[Music]
[Laughter]
we all know what we agreed to what we
risk when we take a job poor Chi
prisoner Chicago in the back of the tent
Clark what was our mission kill anyone
in the camp shooter
I've got a bad feeling about this
it's not what I think is they call her
the prophet of death
this situation in what we did are
connected I always said I'd Philemon to
hell I just never thought you'd actually
take us there
[Applause]
you
[Music]